README.md, before:

# Redux Feedback App



#### _Duration: Two-Day Sprint_
<br />


<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about">About</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>
<br />


<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About

[![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://example.com)

Your project description goes here. What problem did you solve? How did you solve it?

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Built With

This section should list any major frameworks/libraries used to bootstrap your project. Leave any add-ons/plugins for the acknowledgements section. Here are a few examples.

* [React.js](https://reactjs.org/)
* [Redux](http://redux.js.org)
* [Axios](http://npmjs.com/package/axios)
* [Material-UI](https://mui.com/)
* HTML5
* CSS3
* [Express.js](http://expressjs.com)
* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en)
* [PostgreSQL](https://postgresgl.org)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>
<br />


<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally. To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

This is an example of how to list things you need to use the software and how to install them.
* npm
  ```sh
  npm install npm@latest -g
  ```

### Installation

_Below is an example of how you can instruct your audience on installing and setting up your app. This template doesn't rely on any external dependencies or services._

1. Get a free API Key at [https://example.com](https://example.com)
2. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/your_username_/Project-Name.git
   ```
3. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
4. Enter your API in `config.js`
   ```js
   const API_KEY = 'ENTER YOUR API';
   ```

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>
<br />


<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

Use this space to show useful examples of how a project can be used. Additional screenshots, code examples and demos work well in this space. You may also link to more resources.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>
<br />


<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact  

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/phaydara-vongsavanthong/)  
[GitHub](https://github.com/stephenmussel)  

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments

Use this space to list resources you find helpful and would like to give credit to. I've included a few of my favorites to kick things off!

* [Google](http://www.google.com)
* [Markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/)
* [Material-UI](https://mui.com/)
* [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/)

<!-- 
* [GitHub Emoji Cheat Sheet](https://www.webpagefx.com/tools/emoji-cheat-sheet)
* [Malven's Flexbox Cheatsheet](https://flexbox.malven.co/)
* [Malven's Grid Cheatsheet](https://grid.malven.co/)
* [Img Shields](https://shields.io)
* [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com)
* [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com)
* [React Icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/search)
-->

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>
<br />


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
<!-- 
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/othneildrew
[product-screenshot]: images/screenshot.png
-->

Commit message:

updated readme and added dummy data to data.sql

README.md, after:

# Redux Feedback App



#### _Duration: Two-Day Sprint_
<br />


<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about">About</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>
<br />


<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About

[![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://example.com)

Your project description goes here. What problem did you solve? How did you solve it?

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Built With
<br />

* [React.js](https://reactjs.org/)
* [Redux](http://redux.js.org)
* [Axios](http://npmjs.com/package/axios)
* [Material-UI](https://mui.com/)
* HTML5
* CSS3
* [Express.js](http://expressjs.com)
* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en)
* [PostgreSQL](https://postgresgl.org)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>
<br />


<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally. To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

- [Node.js](http://node.js.org/en)
- [PostgreSQL](http://postgresql.org)

### Installation

Create your database and tables using the provided `data.sql` file. Start the server.

```
npm install
npm run server
```

Now that the server is running, open a new terminal with with `cmd + t` and start your react app.

```
npm run client
```

`localhost:3000` should automatically open up in your browser. If it doesn't, open up a new tab and type `localhost:3000`

_Below is an example of how you can instruct your audience on installing and setting up your app. This template doesn't rely on any external dependencies or services._

1. Get a free API Key at [https://example.com](https://example.com)
2. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/your_username_/Project-Name.git
   ```
3. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
4. Enter your API in `config.js`
   ```js
   const API_KEY = 'ENTER YOUR API';
   ```

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>
<br />


<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

Use this space to show useful examples of how a project can be used. Additional screenshots, code examples and demos work well in this space. You may also link to more resources.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>
<br />


<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact  

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/phaydara-vongsavanthong/)  
[GitHub](https://github.com/stephenmussel)  

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments

Use this space to list resources you find helpful and would like to give credit to. I've included a few of my favorites to kick things off!

* [Google](http://www.google.com)
* [Markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/)
* [Material-UI](https://mui.com/)
* [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/)

<!-- 
* [GitHub Emoji Cheat Sheet](https://www.webpagefx.com/tools/emoji-cheat-sheet)
* [Malven's Flexbox Cheatsheet](https://flexbox.malven.co/)
* [Malven's Grid Cheatsheet](https://grid.malven.co/)
* [Img Shields](https://shields.io)
* [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com)
* [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com)
* [React Icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/search)
-->

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>
<br />


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
<!-- 
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/othneildrew/Best-README-Template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/othneildrew
[product-screenshot]: images/screenshot.png
-->
